He was like a spear, a sharp one. the little bird had grown to be a eagle. And he soar like one. The chakravhiyu had seven layers, and each layer had few links to provide support and ease of movement.
But those links were also the weak points of the tactics.
So, much of our skilled and experienced soldiers were placed to protect them.

With Arjuna occupied somewhere else, this day seemed to be ours. 

The major players including me, werr in the last layer protecting Duryodhan. And Drona. 


But we had forgotten to account for the brave blood of the gods king. The grandson of indra, teared through our line of defence, like a knife through wax. 

Being in a protective circle of the rest of the pandavas himself , he directed them with ferocity to all the weak points. 
And they with a smirk on thier faces and weapons in their hands, demolished everything that came in thier way. 

One by one, slowly but surely they got closer and closer. This unknown factor, this little boy had put a smile on my face. 

His face fierce, sweaty, his sword red, and his eyes burning with excitement, with a thirst  for glory. 

He reminded me of myself when I trained under Parshurama. That drive, that hesitation, that eagerness to accomplish something, to prove yourself. His eyes, his smirk had that. 

"A few years more and he would even surpass his father" 
"what!? " Duryodhan turned, confused. 

"his skills are impressive." I pointed to the boy, who had just penetrated another layer of the chakravhiyu. Bhima blocked an arrow with a big heavy shield aimed at hus nephew. 
"It won't be long, before he will the one protecting them" 
Even though we were losing, I still felt a little thrill seeing him. Something in my heart beated again after so much time. Something that I had forgotten. 

"Then let's make sure that day never comes" Dury grinded his teeth. 
His hand tightened arround the mace as he shouldered it. A stern gaze, so strong that even Abhimanyu turned noticing. 
I nodded, "Yeah, let's show him what a real fight looks like." 

As we headed towards the breach, 
"Wait, Duryodhan! Don't let that friend of yours, bend you. It would all be in vain, if we move out now" 
"but, Acharya the tactic has failed. The Chakravhiyu is already broken." he turned to me with a nod. "there's no point in waiting" 

"You are wrong on that part nephew" shakuni came closer. His horses huffing their noses. 

"Do you not see it yet? Look carefully around." hus hands gestured the battlefield. "this chakravyiuh was never meant to protect you." Duryodhan puzzled by the statement looked at his Mama. "it was meant to trap Pandavs. With Arjuna not with them, we knew that they would be helpless against it. Trapped and riped to be easy picking among the crowd." 

"but we forgot to account for Abhimanyu" Drona said coming closer. 
"His skills for his first war is impressive."
"A few more grey hairs on him and he woukd be even better than Yudhisthira at leading." 

"Enough with the praising." Dury frustrated said. "You all are fighting for Hastinapurs throne, my throne. So figure something out instead of adding to their account of chivalry and valor." 

"I've already done that" shakuni had that vicious smile again. 
"Even if Drona didn't, but I somehow thought of this scenario, thats why" he pointed towards one sibgle chariot that was charging ferociously towards the pandavas. 
"Jayadratha! " I said, looking at the flag hoisted on it. 
"Remember the boon he got from shiva, this is the perfect opportunity for it to use." 
Jayadratha had the boon to fight all the pandavas equally if arjuna isn't with them. So in a sense today was his day to shine. He himself was controlling the horses sitting beside his charioteer. 

Jayadratha went charging in as the pandavas were trying to break the third last layer of the chakravyiuh, but dor some reason he slowed down his chariot. As his chariot  slowly got closer, it gave enough time to them to break the layer, but then he picked up the speed. 

But then I realized his intentions. 

He gave onky enough time to let Abhimanyu pass, but the rest of the pandavas were caught up with Jayadratha's ambush. It was as if suddenly a wall has just been erected in front of them. Even with so much of thier strength, skills and prowess they couldn't get past him. And their nephew who had just passed the layer failed to notice it for some time. Only when he was half way in the secind last layer did he tirned to see he was the only Pandav in kaurav soil. 

"well, time to get to work." Shakuni said.
The little bird tried to turn but their was a leauge of soldiers between him and his uncles now. The only way deliberately left for him was forward more in. 
I remember the face, I always remember it. His eyes excited, his blood pumping, the war helm tight around his face. This was what meant to be the son of a kshatriya, this is what meant to be a kshatriya. 
I still remember how he handled his bow, it wasn't his father's technique but rather it was mine. The one I taught him so many years ago. He still remembers.

Despite being alone he was a force to be reckon with. Almost at my age when I left the om parvat. His skills had already surpassed his father at that age. He tore through the second last line with only a few scartches as vikarna lost to him. 

Now there was only us. I had readied sword, tightened my hands on my bow, clenched the fist. This was going to be amusing. 

But this last line was easily broken. Or rather he didn't had to do anything. Duryodhan himself gave a way for his nephew. He was now standing at the center with his enemy also Uncle. 

"I am here, tau." panting the young blood said. A ray of blood was dripping from his forehead drenching his left eye red. There were few scratches and cuts on his shoulders and hands. Most of it was absorbed by the armor he was wearing. 

"I hope you didn't wait long" the smile made a dimples on his cheek. 
Duryodhan smiled back. His hand on his mace loosened. I too a demeaterialized my bow. Duryodhan had quarrels with pandavas but with his nephew he was handling his anger well. He smiled, But then as soon as I blinked I heard a smack. 
"Bastards....." a scream came from across the field. 
"How many, huh? How many of my brothers did you killed?" The boy had flown to the ground. The smack was like a boulder to the face. His bent helm was thrown off, there was blood rushing in his both. His swollen left cheek had started to bleed instantly. 
"Answer me!" Duryodhan got down. The boy was stuttering, their was nervous, anxiety... Fear for the first time. His chariot was detroyed, his charioteer killed, horses loosened. 
"3, Let me tell you three of my dearest brothers died." a kick to the gut was what he got for trying to stand up. 

"Dury......" I shouted but all I got was a hand signalling me to shut up. Shakuni had also joined in as he laughed when the boy groaned in pain. 

"Drona, your the chief. Stop this, this is not the way of a warrior. There is no honor in it. Please." he gave me a gaze of disgust. His eyes speaking his intentions. "Everything is fair in war Karna. He shouldn't have come to fight. Every one here is willing to win or die. " The man just stood their as the boy got beat. 
"He is a warrior, he has to stand up, fight or die like one." 

"Ashwathama.... Karna......" Duryodhan called us. "Let's rev up some revenge." 

Ashwathama got down. The boy leapt at the opportunity of distraction. He ran towards his broken chariot. Searching for any weapon he could find in the rubble. But it was all buried in the structure or possibly gone. 
"Found some? " Duryodhan said grinning. "Don't worry we'll not kill you, we'll just make sure you're never able to walk again" 
"To talk again" shakuni said. 
"To fight again" Aswathama said. 
Then they all looked at me. 
But then the boy grabbed the only thing he can, the wheel of his chariot. Anger turned his face red black. The muscles on his arms tightened under the pressure. His teeth clenched. With His stumbling run he charged at Duryodhan yelling, cursing his Uncle. I jumped down, kicking him to the ground, dropping the wheel he was carrying. 

"I'll make sure you're never able to feel again."  I said to him. There was blood spewing out of his mouth next.By now half of his face was unrecognisable. The eyelids had swollen up, the lips were cut and bleeding. The left leg was probably broken. 

"oh no no. You're not done yet. You'll leave herr alive and breathing but you'll be wishing that you were dead. 

There will no part in your body that you'll not feel pain from. Therr will be no part that won't be bleeding. There will be no valor, for you. No chivalry, no glory only a pityiness. Everyone will just consider you for what you are, a helpless little inexperienced child. Who stumbled then fell greatly. There'll be no sagas for you. No legacy, not even a poem. Your name will be forgotten like thousands here. Mixed in the soil like them. A mere dust. You'll be among the many disgrace in your family. " he kicked the boy with his mace in the groins. There was no honor in this fight. No rules, no respect just disgrace, disgust. And the worst part was that I became an accomplice in it. 

They pierced his both eyes

" blind king's blind son, huh? "Duryodhan said. 

"Aswathama, make sure he is still alive, we're just getting started." there was roar few leauges away. Bhimas yell pierced the air. His cries mixed with Abhimanyus resonated in many including me but no one dared help the boy. 

Ashwathama pulled the boy from his hairs to Duryodhan who had cracked his bloodied fist for more. 
Shakuni drenched his daggers in a hundred cuts on his body. 

And then the boy fell on me. 
" Take five karna, you have the most right."
Shakuni said. 
Abhimanyu, the little bird. My own reflection, was gasping at my feet, his skin now liquid red, his eyes barely open. His hands not even lifted an inch. 
"cough.. Cough... Are u prouth?" he tilts head to me. 
"I sti....sthill remember. Your archery......  Beautiful." he takes a gulp of his own blood. "a warrior...... Figths fol....... Cough...... Glo .... Glory.... He..... He....." 
I pick him up to stand. 


"Plz...."  tears well up in his eyes. "Plz.... Give....... This...... One glor......." he spits the blood. "Last...... 
Charity.... Danveer." his head goes gown to the soil. 

The world called me heartless that day, they cursed. Made my very name an insult. A badge of shame, guilt and humiliation. For I had killed an unarmed boy, a brave boy was surrounded by vultures and killed by a crow hiding in the shadows. I believe thats what the bards called when they wrote their play. 

I don't deny it though. For if I had not plunged my dagger in his heart that day, he would have lived. He still would had a family, a life. But would you still call it a life if you can't live it. Lying on a chair possibly on bed for your entire life, with no sight, with no sense of pleasure, pain happiness. Maybe his family would have beared with it but would he have?

It seems foolish to ask these questions now when I myself am on the verge of death and it refuses to hold me in her arms. But at that time, The boys eyes, Abhimanyus eyes they compelled me to grant him the charity of death. 
 
For now I know what it means to live like a lifeless corpse. And it was good that he didn't. 

"That doesn't mean that you didn't kill an unarmed boy." keshav said. 

"







