Isro-nasa joint venture 

The rocket was set on the launch pad of shriharikota. The new technological marvel was set to make its name on the red planet.

And the first indian to ever set foot on mars was eagerly, tapping his foot on the floor of the shuttle.

Commander Veer was all set and tightened on his seat in the shuttle. This was going to be the first mission where he will be incharge. He was wearing a new space gear suit that India got from the joint mission with America. The micro weave carbon suit was skin tight yet without any limitations that came with the previous iteration. The suit was especially made for mars missions. Veer was reminiscing his time when he first got to wear it on his first mission there.

'The ion thrusters are ready and primed.'

The other two members accompaning him to this mission were also set and ready. Samarth was checking the final steps for the launch. He was a capable copilot and an experienced astronaut at that. Veer was relaxed because of his presence. 

The liquid booster is primed and ready for launch'

Maya was sitting on the seat behind Samarth. Her hands were closely tight around the handles of her seat. Her helmet was covered with fog. Her heavy breathing and heightened heart rate was a little concerning but Veer knew that it was to be expected from a first timer. 

Veer looked back at her. The vertical position of the shuttle puts a lot of strain on his neck when looking back. It's as if he is looking down(which in a sense he was). 

"how you looking professor. Holding tight..... " Samarth said
"very funny, co-pilot" maya said with her heavy breathing. Her voice was like of that a child that was stuck on a height. 

"these suit's are airtight right? " 

"Don't worry professor. 
These are well tested suits. Miles better than the previous clunky ones. 
More flexible, lighter and easy to modify or repair. " My experience with them was an evident proof of their durability on my previous mission to mars. 

"Don't worry doc. I've been to the moon base few times in this shuttle . This is my baby. 
" 


