The thing is guruvar, that this armour is part of me. It is my skin.

So, in other words you are asking me to peel my own skin off and then give it to you as a charity.
"
The brahmins hands went down, his hesitation and regret shown in his eyes.
" yess... "
Huh... I thought he would change his mind but he still asked me to give him my pieces.
" Brahmin, I will give it to you. Though, during the peeling I could faint or die from sheer blood loss."
"Don't worry, I would stop the blood and damage as much as possible, I have that much power. But....."
"But what?" I asked gently.
"but I will not be able to numb your pain."
"
Hah,  that okay. Only that much is enough."

I manifested a dagger, ready to do the deed. 


"How will you peel.....how will you do it? Won't it revert any damage you take?"

"there's a secret to my armor, oh great sage. It protects me nigh perfectly against magical or ranged attacks but it isn't as effective when the battle becomes close range.

Still it protects me it the attack comes from outside but if the slash are made from within it becomes useless. "
His eyes grew wide.

" yess....
I stick the blade under it. That way its effects will be renderless. Though it can take some time.
"
" I'm sorry.... King"
I looked at him. I saw a man burdened with responsibility, love and duty. I saw a father, like mine.
"You don't have to be....
Your doing what you can......
And I'm doing what I vowed......."

Well, here goes nothing. I looked at the shiny blade drinking the red blood, my blood as it pierced the sides of my ear. I made a single slash to make way for it to fall down. And as soon as it happened the earrings came tumbling down.first on my shoulder then on the ground.
Were they always, this heavy. It didn't felt like this when they were at my ear. My hands picked them and for the first time I felt the shine my oppents and people felt while looking at me. 

Quite certainty they were so beautiful. So, this is how everyone feels while they admired thier beauty. 
Shame I will be the last one to do so. 
I laid them in his hands. 

