Day 0

The story revolves around me and my friends on a trip. 

I was a little tired and also frustrated from a six month worth of hard work and penance, but when I saw the cutt off for SSC  and my roll no was nowhere to be seen, I just broke that second. For the nest week I just spiraled downward in a whirpool. 

I was trying to escape, latching onto anything that can pull me away to a bright spot where I can't see any darkness within or near me. So, when my friend Sam came with an idea fir a trip, naturally i hopped on it even though my pocket was a little light those days.

His brightly lit eyes and dripping smile was visible even without my glasses. I could tell from the way he explained about the destination i.e. Tirthan Valley, that the enthusiasm was there, but there was no plan in place.

It was going to be another direction less trip like the one we had 3 years ago. That was a good memory, and my first outing with them. The smell of fresh air or was it the wiff of  freedom  that I felt first time, that hooked me to go for another round. Nothing in that trip went to what we wanted, no advanced planning, harsh trekk, falling out between friends. I still don't really know what we fought for. And then there was Sam's elder brother, Mark he is a year older than me and is like a role model to him. He always tried (and almost succeeded ) to make the trip go his way. The destination he thought, the activities he planned, we almost every time went along with it. He was that damn persistent. 

If you ask me I always had mixed feelings about him, but I knew that he was a good man. It was just his nature to not take things seriously. That was one of his best but also his worst quality. That's why it irked me off.

This time also we were waiting for him too. 
His decision to go or not kept changing like a 
Coin toss. Giving different answer everytime we asked. We both were a real pissed off, Sam a little more than me judging by the way he was yelling at him. 

Mark finally made his decision after a couple of hours of yelling and request. It was time to book the bus before his mind changes again. 

"Shut up, not a word more" 
"but -" 
"I said shut up." Sam yelled with a frustrated look. 
"but I have to meet with Ashley." 
"you should have thought about it before we asked you.. 
The bus tickets are already booked. And you arr coming." 

"hmm.. Fine. 
But I'll return before 29."
"we'll see" I said knowing well that this trip was unplanned and we ourselves didn't knew when we were going to come back. 

Day 0 4:51pm
"



