Okay, here we go. The story follows Anta and Ram, the Immortal Axe weilder. Anta and Ram are trotting along the banks of a polluted and black Ganga. The story is mostly tole from the first person persective of Anta. About this trip Anta at this time only knows that they are here to save the river. He sees the dead river and wonders if it can be saved now. Ram leads the group of two. Both are on horses. Anta on his mare Dev and Ram on his gelding Doot. 

Along the way they come accross a torn up body. They stop to examine it. Ram concludes that the man was attack but he died when he fell in the river and struck a rock shattering his spine and then the river threw him on the banks where they found him. Where he slowly died without able to move. He decides to make a camp there even though the light was still out.

In night as the temperature dropped and both of them got ready to tuck themselves in. Ram went to the rier to relive himself and Anta went in his sleeping bag. But soon he too felt the urge and followed his guru. As he approached he heard a female voice. He stopped. The whispering voice came from where his Guru stood. 

Without disturbing him he went in close and then his Guru spoke. He was talking to the river and the river was answering back. The conversation told Anta that the river called Ram herself to save her and that there isn't much time left. A few weeks at most. Ram assured her that they will reach her well before that. Then the river asked that he couldn't wait for a few decades more could he? Ram silenced the Ganga telling her that she doesn't know what she is talking about and how it feels. Ganga sarcastically remarks that yes how could she? After all he is the only immortal left in the world. The sentence was spoken in a coying way which left Anta suspecting that there was more than what was said. Though before the conversation between them ended. He relieved himself in the bushes and went back to the camp. The vapors from his mouth suggested that they might see snow soon.

Next day they stick close to the bank. Anta hoped that Ram would talk something about the night before but the man barely talked. Only the necessary instruction about how to move, where to go, what to do. As they ventured in more bodies floated on the river. Bloated and bleeding. And then the ravaged down came into view. Ram manifested his axe from thin air. and Anta tookout his guns. They stuck close as they crossed the town. Black goo dripped from the roofs and that instantly terrified Anta. So much so he freezed dropping his gun. Wounds from the past resurface as memories and nightmares. The voice of his mothers last call echoes. And Also the time just after when Ram save dhim from the incident which took his family and his town -- Shambala. That town too was attacked by monsters of balck goo. The sentient ones. Ram picked the gun up and gave his axe for him to carry. But Anta has failed to do so till now. "I can't" he said to Ram. "You have to. And you will." Anta reluctantly tried again and the shock from it tripped him over the mare. Ram handed the guns back to him. Telling him that they will try again that night. The night came and they trained together. Anta with his sword and Ram with his axe. Ultimately Ram beat Anta dn forced the boy to  try to grab the axe from him. Anta did only to get shocked and pushed back falling on his back. The axe rejected him again. Ram tells him that it isn't the axe it is Anta who is rejecting it. For him to hold it he has to accept its power and not be scared of it. But How could Anta not be scared. He has seen his guru do things with that axe. Things that even the vilest of monsters couldn't. His Guru has battled titans, demons and devils. Even harmed one of the gods with it once. The axe scared Anta till he shivered, till he fainted and sometims till he shit himself. 

After training and supper both went to bed. Ram again went to the banks saying he was going to relieve himself. Anta followed again. The murky yes but clearer than yesterday. As he approached he noticed a small figure of mud and water almost at the knee height of Ram and same feminine voice talking. He hid behind a rock and listened. They talked about how she failed to save the people of the town and that she is groing weaker by the day. More and more people under her protection are dying and they have to hurry and catch up. Ram then says that he won't put Anta's life in danger but he will try to save the ones he can. Ganga then asks if the boy is ready. Ram denies it. "No one ever is." He says befoer Anta goes back to the camp. 


Next day They were following th bank when Anta spooted snowflakes falling. But they were warm to touch and sizzled on the face. "It isn't snow" Ram says. "Ash. MOVE!" He says to Anta. "NOW!" and they both hurry and come up to a burning town. People were still screaming in there. "We have to go. Now!" Ram says turning his horse. "But the town!?" Anta Objects. "Too late!" "It's never late." Anta pushes in which forces Ram to follow as well yelling behind his foolish student. They fight the black monsters. Eventually they come to a head and drive them back. But then a voice rings out. Creepy and Scarry. It says that more of them are coming within a day. Ram says that there are too many people to move out. The black monsters will catch up quickly. "Then we hold here. With the two of us we can".

Anta makes a few quick friends in the town while Ram barricades it as much as possible. The family with whom he made friends with were the scholars of the twon. They shifted here once they learned that the malic hadn't corrupted this land yet. But now it has. Yet they are hopeful. As it is said that this valley will be the place their last avatar called --- Kalki will come for salvation. Those who are pious and pure will be spared others will face judgement then punishment. It is siad that Kalki will be the Tenth Avatar of Lord Vishnu. Then the family lists out the all the Avatars of Vishnu. And Anta instantly recognizes one of them. Parshuram. Most of the people think that Parshuram is the name of the sixth Avatar of Vishnu but they forget that the name has been formed with two words Parshu-- meaning Axe and Ram i.e. The Ram who wields the axe. That's why his guru is immortal. He is the sixth Avatar of Vishnu. And Anta thinks that now he will become the tenth Avatar i.e. Kalki.