Write from the perspective of Anta, a teenage boy on his white mare Devdutt(He calls her Dev). He is accompanied by his teacher Ram on another chestnut stallion trotting a little ahead of them. They are following along the banks of Ganga in the future when it has become overly polluted and also it is one of the few remaining rivers in the country. The few decades in the future where a solar storm has took out most of the satelites and since India was not prepared most of the power grids have also been taken out by it. Though it has taken a few years to bring most of them back there are parts of the country where the light is still out. The place they are walking in is one of those. 

Anta hates this trip. The river they are waklking beside is polluted with chemicals, rot and unkown things that spew out acrid and vomiting smells. He had tied a handkerchief around his face though Ram didn't feel a need to. For the past 4 days they have been cantoring opposite to the river flow. Their destination the origin of Ganga -- Gokund. Which was still a few days away. Anta had these things he hated this trip for but mostly because he didn't know what they were going to do at Gokund. Ram said to him that they were here to save Ganga. But the river was already gone. There was nothing left to save it. And even if there was, How do you save a river? It's not like you can fill it in a bottle and call it a day. Anta didn't wanted even a drop of this water near him if he could help it. But he rarely refused Ram's words and instruction. Doing so was not a good thing most of the time. 

As the sunset drew closer Ram suggested to make camp soon. As they looked for a suitable place near the banks, one with as less as possible filth. Soon Dev stopped. She refused to move no matter how much Anta tried or used his stirupps. Anta knew she sensed something. Something that Ram and Anta didn't. Animals were better at that. One time Dev had sensed the upcoming earthquake before anyone in the vicinity. She saved Anta's life. It was a shame many others didn't had the same luck. So Anta trusted her. He informed Ram. He nodded as if he knew already. He instructed Anta to stay back as he went beyond the river bend. Beyond what Anta could see. But not before manifesting his axes in his hands. Anta always gets scared of those axes. But in situations like these they were a blessed sight for his sore eyes. Soon Ram Yelled his name. Anta ran leaving Dev behind. He took out his guns and held it up as he crossed the bend. But istead of enemies he found a dead body and Ram leaning over it. His axes had vanished again. Anta always wondered where they go when he isn't using them. But that was not the major concern right now. The laying on the beach  was a swollen fellow. Ram didn't kill him. His body was already on the path of deteriorating. If not for the strong stench of the river, the smell of rot would be the overpowering scent here. The man had a missing out. Gouged out? Anta didn't know. On of his feet below the ankle was completely gone. And his clothes were shereded to bits along with his back as Ram turned him over. Something slashed his back. Something big and storng. The man running away and he though that Anta and Ram discussed who was he and why was he here.

Ram concluded that he died a while back someplace else and the river just dragged and slammed him on this beach. Probably lost his feet during the jump. Anta then asked if he is a resident or a tourist like them? Ram didn't know. Though he suspected he was a resident. They will prbably know more once they reach Rishikesh, the closest city. Anta could feel something was wrong. He could feel eyes on him for the past day. Eyes that weren't humans. Shadows in the forest that weren't human. The Forest that hasn't uttered a word since two days. 

Ram and Anta dug a grave for the man nearby and buried him. Anta asked why don't we cremate the guy? Ram told Anta what he already knew. Something or someone was keeping an eye on them. Ram just wasn't sure if it was alone or not. And a huge pyre would just be a big single for all that they were here. Whether a foe or friend. Though Ram did ask Anta that if or when he dies Anta will cremate him. Not bury him. Cremate him and if possible pray for him. Anta was confused by this. After all what could kill and immortal? Anta's family had know Ram since the time of his grandpa. He one day came out of knowhere with Dev and asked the chief of the town to let them stay. At least that's how Anta's mother used to tell him. Soon the world went to hell and it was Ram who protected Shambala from Maleables with his axe. No other weapons seem to work agains't them. And then he errected a barrier that made their village invisble to the rest of the world and maleables. He was the one who taught the elders, adults and children in his village. Educated them. Protected them. A man like that is talking about dying. Anta couldn't believe it.

They made camp a few klicks away from the grave. The fire flickered and roared as Anta collected more wood for it. Ram was incharge of the food. The man rarely ate meat. It was a good thing though. As Anta looked at the dead river with dead fishes and a desolated forest with a haunting silence. He thought going veg for a few days was not a bad idea.



In the middle of the night Anta's sleep broke away by something. The fire in front of him was fading as it consumed the rest of the wood. He placed a few more branches in it when he noticed that Ram was not here. He searched for the man and soon found him near the banks on a rock. He was looking down at the river. Anta quietly approached him. Anta also felt the urge to pee. So he went closer. Then he stopped when he heard a voice. A woman's voice. Ram was conversing with him. The woman said that she didn't had much time. Maybe a fortnight at most. Ram assured her that they will be there well before that still looking down at the river. Was it the river talking? Anta thought. My powers are faint here. Even then I know he has sensed you. Ram nodded saying he already knows that. Is the boy ready? She asked. "No" Ram replied. "We need more time." he said. Were you ready when it was thrusted upon you? she asked then. No one ever is! Ram replied and turned away. Anta hurriedly went back to the camp. He signalled Dev who was awake to not say anything as he slipped back in the blanket. Wondering what was he not ready for? And who was she?



The next day Anta kept looking at his teacher making sure that Ram doesn't notices his glances. He expected Ram to show some concerns. Anything that can hint towards what happened last night. Instead Ram looked at dark sky as said that there could be snowfall soon. They were going through a ruined bridge on a ruined town today. Anta fed some food to Dev and patted her mane. Ram noticing this did the same to his stallion as well. Anta wondered how could their civilization had become this ruin? Ram asked Anta whether he practiced today or not. It was an odd question as Anta always practices in night and whenever they made camp in the day. Ram stopped his stallion and asked Anta to come down. blue Fireflies seemed to dance around his hands as they gathered. Then they became glwoing string slowly taking shapes as they buzzed and soon two axes lay in his both hands. Anta heart beat ran like dev does. He wanted to step away but he knew the punishment would be severe. His gaze was fixed on the blade of the axes. and the pain they gave him."Hold!"

"You know I can't" Anta replied. 

"You have too."

Why? Just because a dead river said it! Anta wanted to say but didn't. He grabbed the heavy axe with both his hands. when Ram let go the tip of it hit the gravel road beneath as Anta struggled to lift it up. 

"Concentrate!" ram said.

"I am"

and then a little spark happened and then the axe zapped Anta as it vanished. There were burn marks on his palm. 

"I told I can't."

"And I told you, you have to."

"I'm not you. I can't be" Sorry Ganga! Anta whispered so as to not let Ram here it.

"Good! Cause you have to be better." Ram manifested the axe again. "Again! he said to him."

The training conitnued for half an hour. By this time Anta's palm had boils on them. He had plastered it in bandages and some herbs Ram gave him. Amazingly they worked fast. He could already feel prickling sensation of a healing hand. It was a shame. It meant that he had to try that experiment again tomorrow. Why did I had to be his student? Anta thought. He reminisced the days after Ram saved him from the attack on shambala. He was the only one who escaped. The maleables had finally found a way to destroy the protective dome around shambala. They slaughtered everyone. His sisters. Grandparents. Father and mother who died right in front of his eyes protecting him as a blue glowing arrow pierced her neck. The days after they ran from the place were the hardest in his life. No family. No one to call his own. Only Ram. Who seemed to protect Anta from everything and anything. Did he failed guilty for failing to protect the village? Anta's family? Soon after he started training a pre-teen Anta. Basic training in hand to hand, weapons, guns, herbs, meditation and much more. He became a student. Maybe something more. Ram was the closest thing to a family Anta now has. And now that family was hiding something from him! Something Anta wasn't ready for!


After a whole day of trotting and cantoring they were near the Rishikesh. White puffs like small cotton balls started falling from the sky. "Snow!?" Anta thought. But this snow sizzled on the skin. "Ash" Ram corrected him. Their eyes were wide open as if by mutual understanding they both spurred ther horses and ran to Rishikesh. It wasn't late they heard screams and cries from the burning town. As they closed in on the town something jumped Ram from the Shadows. His quick reflexes and summoning deflected the attack. Anta took out his huns making sure the enchanments on the barrel was still working. He loaded up the magazing and aimed it at whatever Ram was fighting. But soon his hands started shaking--- It was a maleable. The ones who destroyed their home. His balck form shifted shapes. The thing had he structur of a four legged beast but without any eyes. Goo like tentacles protruded from his back. Ram dodged one of his attack as the beast made advances. He asked Anta to cover him. But Anta was afraid. His hands were shaking. And the voice of his mother to stay hidden kept ringing in his head. The last words of his mother. ANTA! Ram yelled again breaking anta from his past. Pulling him away from the memories and plunging him into this nightmare. Why were they here? Anta asked as he shot. The bullets left a glowing misty blue trail as they left the barrel. They some struck the beast but he was still moving. Ram finally found a gap and pierced his axe deep within him killing the monstrosity. 

Ram gave a stern gaze towards Anta knwoing that the time for scolding will come later. Anta knew he had failed. He knew his mistake that's why he could make eye contact with Ram. Ram managed to calm down his horse and they both went to Rishikesh as the screams and cries for help grew louder. The burning town appearred to be glowing as they neared it. Anta saw more maleables climbing the walls. There were others--- Bipedal Maleables. Like the ones he saw in shambala. They take control of the dead and make them into those monstrosities. That means that those bipedals were humans once. Seeing Anta shaking and in fear Ram ordered to stop at the gates. "We're sticking to the path."

"But what baout Rishikesh?"

"It is already gone"

"No it isn't. People are still fighting! they need help. we have to save them. We can save them."

"No we can't."

"We can't let them die. Not like Shambala."

"And I can't let you die. You're the only thing that matters." Ram's voice to like a stone. "I can't protect you and save them both."

"I can fight."

"No you can't" Ram grabbed Anta's shaking hands. He had noticed. "We're going. We will do what we are here to do. "

Anta fought with words a little more but when his teacher didn't budge he spurred Dev towards Rishikesh anyway. 

"ANTA!" He heard his teacher yelling from behind. But he didn't look back. Was he coming or did he abandon him for a stupid river? Anta knew he couldn't beat all of the Maleables. But if he could even save a few from the horrific fate that awaited them. Then his life would be worth something. His mother would be proud of him. 

He delved in the fire and smoke and saw soot faced children crying. Men who had lost limbs crawling and screaming. Some still fought. Sound gunfire echoed nearby but most were already gone. Anta got down from Dev and slapped her behind telling ehr to run away and she did. He drew his guns and fired. The hands still shook but not as before. His heart was beating like it would burts any second. He closed in on the children as he shot the approaching Maleables. The shot landed and a Maleable went down. The sound attracted the attention of other Maleables drawing them away from their victims toward Anta. "Oh, shit" Anta fire didn't stop. But the enchantment on his guns won't last long. "Move!" He yelled to children and adults. few did the rest still gawked at him with bewilderement. "GO!" he yelled again and then they did. The Maleable soon noticed this distractions half of them went back to thier prey. Anta tried to get their attention back by shooting at them. But only few gave any notice. Now around half a dozen Bipedals and a dozen fourlegged ones were coming to Anta and the rest were still after the towns people. Then something chooped the head of one of the bipedals. The axe swinging land on the nearby wall as one of the Malebales went down. It's balck goo blood  pooling on the ground. "Idiot! Move" Ram yelled swing his another axe chopping one of the limbs off of another. 

Anta got some room thanks to the distractions which he used to fire on the other maleables tragetting th towns people. Ram was fighting with all he got. kiiling a filth every few minutes. Anta too shot and kept many of the Maleables on tos with his guns. Frequently he too killed  a few. Not as many as his teacher though. But then when hope seemed to flicker, it died as the enchanment on his guns wore off and there was no time to write another. The gun was empty. Anta tried to shoot as he witnessed one of the Maleables gobbled down a man. He holstered the gun back and went bare handed to the Maleable who threw him off with a strike as it ate the man's mother next. "NO!" Anta was bleeding when he yelled that. 

He tried to stop it again but without his enchanted guns he was just a boy like the time of shambala--- helpless. People kept dying and Ram wasn't fast enough on his own to stop them. Anta couldn't anything until he heard Ram's cry. 

"Anta catch!" The flying axe landed near Anta as it dug in the pavement. "Wield it. NOW!" Anta had no time to think if it had to be any other time. It had to be now. He grabbed the axe hoping it will give power to kill all the Maleables.  But the axe of refusing as always. He barely lifted the beast with both his hands as he went to kill the Maleables. Hoping, praying that this time it will work but before he could even reach it the axe jloted him vanishing  in thin air. 

ALl hopes were lost now. Like shambala this town was doomed as well. Anta thought. Only this time there will be now survivors. He went to his knees. The cacophany of screams, cries and his teacher telling him to get up faded somewhere. He felt like falling somewhere cold, dark. Like he was dying but still breathing. Anta witnessed the blood on the walls. The littered body parts. The still children on the floor. And then something broke as if meting away in a hot fire. Heat rose from inside as Anta screamed. Everything went bright for a second for him. Bright and hot. Ram "NO, ANTA! CONTROL IT!" But something inside Anta wanted everything to burn. for all the Maleables to just be a crisp charr and nothing else. The hatred, the fear all erupted from him in the form of fire as it uengulfed the town. This time it was Maleables who were writhing in gaony and pain as well. Anta screamed for what seemed like eternity. And when he got tired he fainted away.

When he woke up hours later. He found a town burned to a crisp. The ground was charred. Every nearby tree was gone. The Maleables were gone. But then the stench of burning flesh and meat assaulted his nose. He looked around and found bodies burned. Children whose face were nothing but balck coal. As he wittnessed the rest of the town he found his teacher. Tending to his wound. 

There have only been a very few times when Anta had seen Ram injured in the past. The immortal man seemed indestructable. I guess that's why he was immortal. The last time was during the destruction of Shambala. Guess the only thing that could hurt him were the Malleables.Anta remembered how that time too Ram was burned badly. His whole left arm was scorched. Charred flaking skin peeled off and he had boils for weeks to content with. Yet he never complained. Never said anything about pain or suffering. And always protected Anta. Sometimes by risking his own life like today. And what has Anta given him? More occassion do die for? More ways to be a dissapointment? He doesn't deserve to be his student? But the boy doesn't have enough courage to say it or the bravery to leave him? 

"You okay?" 

"Back is burned but I'll live." Ram said. "Won't be able to carry anything for a while though." He looked at Anta. "Survivors?"

"I'll look" Anta said as he went in the rubble to search for anynone and anything moving. After searching for while during which he saw his handicraft of destruction. The scorched bodies, rundown buildings, smoldering wagons and cars and smoke and ash everywhere but not a living soul in sight. Anta wanted to be a savior. Nothing more. He couldn't just sit and watch as screams and cries faded out one by one. He wanted to be like his teacher. Instead he became worse than even Maleables. Atleast they kill or tranform thier victims one by one. Anta on the other hand had wiped out a town in an instant along with everything in it. The realization seemed to choke him with every step. His heart had slowed down as he searched panicking for anyone anywhere. After a while beneath the ashes and ember in a basement of a temple he heard voices. He quickly removed the rubble obstructing the gate and people broke out. There were a dozen of them there. A few more were wounded up who had jumped in the river in the nick of time which saved their lives. All in all two dozen including some children were still alive. A third of them were injured but nothing that wodd make them unable to move. Anta brought them to Ram. When Ram looked up at Anta he saw his eyes watering. Unstoppable tears flowed like rivers themselves. "Not....every...not everyone died. " He barely managed to say it as he dropped in front of his teacher crying. 

After a while when he composed himself back. He turned to small crowd unable to meet their eyes. "I'm sorry." He begged for forgivness. Most of them were half scared of the boy to say anything. They didn't wanted to do anything with him. They just wanted him gone. Both of them gone. Ram said to Anta to move. They were not welcomed here anymore. But Anta refused. He insisted for the crowd to come with them. They were going to a safe place. They will protect them. But the crowd refused. Saying that "Protect!? You are the one who nearly killed us all. MY father is dead because of you"

"He would've been worse if wee didn't come. Imagine him turned into a Maleable. Coming after you."

"He would still be alive." The town boy yelled.

"No he wouldn't be. That thing would not be your father anymore." Ram said. "Trust me kid there fates worse than death. Anta saved you all. And those who died? He saved them from an end even the gods would be scared of. I know he doesn't deserve a thank you but he doesn't deserve your hate either."

After that no one spoke. Ram told Anta to get ready "It's time to go." 

Anta still asked the vilagers to come with them one last time. An old woman, a girl and two men agreed to join them. The rest still refused. Anta reluctantly acknowledged that he can't convince them. Not after what he had done to their home. It was looking like how Shambala looked when they left it for the last time. Then something clicked within him. 
He realized something. Something he hadn't before for a long time. GODS! Could it be? No! Anta wouldn't be able to live with himself if it was true. He wanted to ask Ram then and there. But he sealed his lips for now. He was waiting for the night when they were alone. 

All he remembers about Shambala after his mothers death was waking up aboard Dev as Ram rode her out of the Blacked and smoking village. It got smaller and smaller before his vision faded away again. The next time he woke then was a place far away from Shambala. Ram and Dev were there. It then when Ram handed him Dev to take care for and took him under his wing as his last student.

Along the journey to Gangotri, the origin of Ganga and their destination Anta took care of eachof his new companion as if they were his blood relatives. He lent Devdutt to the Old woman and the girl while both the men Accompanying them walked with Ram ahead of them.  Ram had made a couple of spears from the woods nearby and handed one to each of them. They were the vanguard while Anta worked on enchanting his guns again. Ready to be the ranged support. He made sure the inscriptions last much longer this time so he concentrated the solution and then used a tiny sleek brush to write the mantra's. 

"You know Mantra's too!?" The old woman said. Her name was Prapthi But Anta called her 'Amma' to show respect to her age.

"A little Amma" he said as he walked beside Dev. The girl sitting in front of Prathi had Dev's loose reins. Dev was trained enough that even and amateur could ride her without being bucked off that is if Dev wanted them to ride her. She could be finnicky at times. But then which horse isn't? 

"Sir taught me." He pointed to Ram ahead. The chestnut stallion with them now had all thier gears and food strapped to it now that Dev was carrying two people on her. 

"What else he taught you?"

"What he could!" Anta said. "Physics, Maths, science, Astras, Shastra, Mantras and history."

"No myths? No Gods or epics? No Demons or Rakshas?" Amma enquired. "Ichcha here knows a lot about them. I personally taught her."

Anta looked at her then at Ram " 'There are no Myths. Just lies and misunderstood stories' Sir says" Anta had finished on one of his guns. He briefly held it in his hand and the inscriptions glowed. Blue mist emanated for a few second from the tip of the barrel. It was working. It was finished. Anta felt a kind of relief. Next he won't have to be helpless. And something in Anta's gut told him that there will be a next time. So he was glad he got it working before then. He hosltered the gun and started working on the other. 

"Funny you say that when you are travelling with a myth himself."

Anta's ears rose up. He looked at the woman he pace slowing down and speeding up to keep up with Devdutt. 

"When was the last time anyone had seen Parshu-Ram. The strongest among the seven immortals."

"Parshuram!? He is Parshuram?" Ichcha asked elated.

"Yes girl. And you boy? What is your name" Amma asked.

"Anta" he said. "I'm called Anta."

"Peculiar name!" she replied. "Do you know what it means?"

"End. End of all things!" he said.

"And why would a mother name her son 'The End of all things!' "

"She didn't. He did." Anta pointed at Ram. "Every parent in our village took their infants to him to name. He was the guardian. The guide. The priest and the teacher. My teacher!"

"And you didn't ask him?"

Anta had no answer to the question.

Anta was so used to his name. For the past 7 years only Ram has called him by Anta. There was no one else. Every kid or child he used to know was at Shambala. Along with everyone he cared. Every other individual or group they met was a short aqquaintance. Not long enough to mkae him question his identity or status quo. This was the first time he wondered about his name. His existence. Himself! 

"Do you know who he is?" 

"I know he is immortal. Doesn't ages. Doesn't loses any battle. Not even to any illness. The only invincible out there." Anta replied to the question.

"Yet I see his back burned and bruised today. " Amma said. "He is not the only immortal on the this earth Anta."

"There are others?"

"Seven to be exact! Including your teacher here." Amma looked at the Ram. "There was a book in our temple. About the old tales. About the Avatars and the people who helped them. So many stories! So many myths and legends. Among them were Seven immortal Sages who had a boon to never die. They were suppose to be the guide, guardian and protectors of the realm. Yet when the ages changed, time turned and people forgot about them. Some of them forgot about it too." Amma said. "They remembered that they were immortal. But they forgot their purpose. Free from the shackles of time they became disillusioned. Some went to the extremes to chase thrill and feel the fear of death. Some are barely alive hanging on because of their boon. It is said that noothing can hurt them. THeir very essence is tied to this world and time. And yet I've seen an immortal today. And he is in pain."

