New story     

Launch of a rocket carrying a crew of six from shriharikota and then rendezvous with iss Station with new tech and suits
..... 

The journey of 45 days of reaching mars and landing then their excavation of seal door and signs of high intelligence arhitecture on mars. A cave accidentally found when finding a shelter to use aa base.

The dating of the seal and the door itself estimates the construction to be millions of years old. 

The team makes a habitable dome around the door as a base and fills it with atmosphere similar to earth.  

Maya was having a discussion with athena about the door and its origin in the dome. And also its link to greek and indian mythology. 

When something struck in her head. She looked at the door and the symbols it had. 

She found a link between the two mythologies and indus Valley. 

She uttered a word in whisper in curiosuty "Balram/krishna " 

The door blinked a little but not fully. This was the first time it reacted at all to any kind of approach and this was just on an intuition. 



Maya repeated the same word again and again. But the door didn't reacted beyond a little blink each time. 


Maya tried names of different major prominent characters in both the mythologies. But the door only reacted to only three-four names  

Ram
Balram
Parshuram
Hercules
Heracles
Krishna

It only ever blinked on the mention of those names but never opened or showed any other clues. 

After their persistent effort on that day but to no avail they gave up and started to plan a different approach. 

One thing that was clear that day was that the secret to open that door was hidden in voice. In sound more precisely. 

Of course it was. Maya was cursing herself for not seeing this earlier. Throughout the history of their culture and just before vedic age all of the education, events, stories and teachings was given in oral never in written. That why the door was reacting to oral password. How could she have not seen this before. 

After a week Veer came into Maya's room with Franklin. He told her that Franklin may have found the actual problem that was hindering their way into the room. 

Franklin told maya that perhaps there is nothing wrong with her theory. Maybe that the dome they have setup itself is the real cause of the problem. 

Franklin told her about his research on the polar ice caps and how his drones and rover have found that in the deeper layer of the ice more Carbon is trapped than on the surface. Maya was confused by his explanation. 

Franklin told her that on the basis of his tests he have concluded that the atmosphere of mars despite being less in mass than earth was a lot thicker. Thicker like venus and on venus their voices will sound different than they would on earth.  The dome that they have build only replicates the atmosphere as we experience on earth. Maybe if we change the pressure and the concentration of the gases present in the dome the frequency of sound will also change and then they might be able to open the door. 

Maya didn't understand much science but she  mostly grabbed what Franklin was trying to say. And his conception is not wrong. If the door is in real millions of years old then it suits better that the atmosphere of mars would have been different too. She only asked him one question 

How pressurised do we have to make it? 

Franklin : somewhere between air and water. Sorry I can't give the exact composition and ratio of the gases as more time is needed to fully analyse the ice on the polar ice caps. One thing I can say for sure is that oxygen was in overall more in percentage than earth. 

So we will have to go with a shot in a narrow dark. Hit and try till we succeed. 

They chnged the ratio of gases in the chamber increasing oxygen quantity and increasing carbon dioxide. Increasing pressure. When the pressure reached the optimal range between air and water they spoke the names again. Their voices sounded different now almost like a cricket on water. The didn't gave any response. Then suddenly the light that was blinking previously shone more brightly. It covered the glyphs and symbols on the door and started falling backwords. The fall was slow and stopped when it leveled out with the floor. 

The accidental activation of the chamber and the initiation of a signal while investigating the weird, ancient but advanced technology in that room. Founding the body of hercules/Ram/krishna though now pretty deteriorated only hair and skin is left on the bones. 

Preliminary analysis shows that the dna is 98% similar to humans yet differs. Not like the chimpanzees dna differ from us this was a little more complex and advanced like we are to monkeys. 

They also found few weapons like a wepaon shaped like an axe, mace, two bows and a ship(pushpak) 

Accidentally Triggering the self collapse of the room and sudden but bare escape with their life on the line. 
They managed to save a bow and the axe from the room in the nick of time. 

Maya dies during the escape and veer isn't able to save her. 

Veer was stuck and asked for help from someone from his crew but he/she didn't helped then other member helped. 

Then realising that they have called the aliens that were once thier gods. And now they are coming back. 