Leave him as soon as possible. He is like a parasite. He will only leech on you. Will turn you like him. Run away now before you don't get a chance.

Can you do it. When the time comes will you be able to leave the crown prince of hastinapur to die. To let the future of this kingdom turn to ash.

BHISMA laughes softly.

You know why they call me Bhisma, Karna. Every where I go. Everyone regards me as Bhisma, Gangaputra Bhisma. Even the young ones now a days call me Bhisma pitama, without even knowing what it means.

My name is Devdutt. My mother gave me that name because I was god given. It means part of God. Essentially a demigod, like Pandavs.

But still they call me Bhisma. Because of my vow, a vow that has become a curse on me. A self inflicted curse.

My father wanted a second wife after my mother left him. But the woman he chose, put forth conditions.

She was a stubborn one. All of her conditions were a little tricky ....
'my son would be the one to inherit the throne.
His line would be the one to continue the kuruvansh.' 

My father rejected it, but he couldn't get her out of his mind, so I did what a son should. 
I went to her, listened to all her conditions and when both my father and new mother were present, I took my vows, 

1.Never to marry in my life. 
2. Never to stake any claim on the throne, ever. 

Those two vows forced me to a life of abstinence. 
I thought that there was nothing in left in Hastinapur for me. So I should just leave, 

But then my father asked me for a vow that sealed my fate. 

On the day of his marriage he asks me for a gift, 
I told him to ask for anything, and I shall give it to him. You know what he said..... 
"Don't leave me devdutt, don't ever leave your father, don't ever turn your back on this kingdom" 

Then came my third vow and I was stuck here. 

Forced to fight for a kingdom that never felt like home, that never accepted me as its own. 

In my whole life I have never seen a worthy claim on the most powerful throne in bharat. But when I saw a potential one. He was burned away. 

Wiping his tears he co tinued. 

Bhisma - it means extreme. 
For my three extreme vows. Hence I was dubbed Bhisma. 

I can't leave this kingdom. I am bound to it to death. 




My situation is not so different from you. The only difference is, the person I gave my vow to is still alive. And as long as he is, I will die to keep it intact. 

Cause my guru was as same as yours and we were both taught the same things, isn't it. 


We both student brothers will regret it in the end. I can already see my death. Just don't know in which battle it will happen. 

I chuckled. 

Like I said my situation is not so different. 



