When we reached the capital's palace, all went silent. The street we had just crossed, was filled with confused eyebrow raised faces. Well, it was obvious to expect, after all despite the princess being with crowned prince, there was no grand escorts, no parade, no flowers, or soldiers marching down the main streets, Just two chariots with grazed men aboard, thumping along the street. One of them didn't even had their charioteer with them. 

The sound of horses hoofing, and squeaking filled the air as we stopped right at the gates of the palace. My legs had taken a little toll, so I was taking it slow. While Duryodhan went ahead with the princess.

He roared while ascending the stairs, all the while yelling as if to fill every ears around him.
"We have won the swayamvar. We even beat Jarasandh. Look at the new princess...... No the queen. " he sounded grandiose.

Although due to his praises (and lies) soldiers all around started cheering for us both. But one quick glance at the new supposed queen would tell anyone the truth.  Her silence and lifeless movement were louder than any cheers or yells.

I may have boasted about many of my feats on several occasions but that one, was the one of the few I rarely mentioned.

"you okay...." Shon asked. He was helping me through the stairs. I just nodded.

"Look...." Shon pointed towards the grand entrance. King and Queen themselves had come to welcome their new daughter-in-law.
We were only just a few steps behind when...
"Come Karna...." Duryodhan's hand pulled at my arm.

There were only four people waiting for us at the entrance to the grand hall.... 
the limping Mama Shakuni, his blindfolded sister Queen Gandhari, the king Dhritarashtra himself and his helper Sanjay. 

I was wondering where were the rest of the brothers and also where was Bhisma?

"Ma, he is the one I was telling you about.....
I would not have made it out alive if it was not for him. In fact if not for him,... I wouldn't have even attempted the swayamvar." 



With help of his helper Sanjay, the King hugged me. His hands felt warm and drops of wet tears flowed down on my left shoulder.

" I never thought that Duri will ever have someone like you, in his life. He is very lucky. Don't leave his side Karna." the king wept. Almost like he was begging me to stay. His eyes looked the other way though. 
I couldn't tall if the king was happy or in disbelief. 

" I have vowed oh king, to always stay by him" I firmly said while touch his toe. (though the pain in the leg made it a little difficult) 

While the king was embracing me, the queen was checking her new daughter. And I mean really checking her. Mama Shakuni was also standing beside here, smiling with his black chared teeth out. The blind queen, Gandhari's hands were all over her, they were on her face as if sculpting a clay figure. The nose, the ears, eyes, the lips. 
"what a beautiful bride you have Duri." 
Duryodhan was trying to stay stiff, but I could swore that I saw a little blush. 

"Tell me oh, dear daughter. What is your name?" Gandhari spoke in a gentle voice. Her hand on the forhead of the princess. 

She gulped before speaking, not making eye contact for even a single second. Her red lips were like fluttering leaves. "Bha.... Bhan.... Bhanumati, your grace..... 

Bhanumati, Daughter of Kalinga" 

"What an idiot child you've brought Duryodhan." Duryodhan and everyone was taken aback by Queen's statement, but none dared to speak to break the next silence, except..... 
"So.. Sorry, your majesty. "  
"that's the exact problem. I not your majesty, I am your mother. 
Call me Ma." 

Her voice turned from a hailstorm to a gentle pour of rain. The princess who had forgotten to breath let out a deep sigh, as the situation calmed. 
Princess hands were squeezing each other so tightly that when she let go I could see the remained marks of her long nails on them. The shivering girl would have fainted if the Queen had said another word to her. 


"And you......" and now the finger was at me. (or almost at me, she is blind, Remember.) 

"I thank you for all you have done. "
Shakuni came forward, helping her sister to reach me. "Here....." 
She reached for her waist and pulled out the golden waistband. 
"I only have this with me right now, but don't worry. Ask how much you want and I shall give it to you."

"heh!..... I don't need it majesty." 


"Sister! " 

"Ma....." The crowned prince yelled. 
"he is nit just someone. He is my friend. He is the one who saved me today. He is the king if Anga."

"oh, no!...." the queen put both her hands to hee mouth. "what did I do.... 
I am sorry young king. I didn't knew, I thought that you were his charioter." 

There were no words left fir me to say. I just placed the band back on her hand and turned back. 
"No Karna, if anyone it should be mother..... 
I think my new wife should spend some time with her new mother." 

"Yes we will postpone the celebrations for tomorrow after the marriage ceremony. I think you both should talk." 

"yes mama, that will be right....." they all left and we both headed for the biggest room in the palace, Duryodhan's one. 

"I am so sorry for what Ma did Karna."
"it's alright" I released the clenched fist to a normal palm hand. 

"I am used to it by now." 
"That's the problem, you shouldn't be. Let me make it up to you. He whistled and a guard came rushing in. Then after hearing something in his ear, ran off not before giving me a side look." 

Almost half hour later Shakuni came, and behind him came Dusashan with half a dozen of female servants, dressed in revealing clothes, holding plates full of delicacies, and booze. 

The empty room buzzed with footsteps and whispers. Duryodhan clapped and all them started serving. 
"choose any o' them and she will be yours for today. You can even do multiple if you want. As many as you want."

"Consider it an apology from us" 
Dusashan said. Though I rarely think he meant any word he said. While Shakuni just stood and smiled squeakingly. 

"Not today girls, from today onwards I belong to someone else..." Duryodhan stopped one of the approaching girl in her tracks "but this guy, whoever pleases this guy. I will give a pouch, no....  two pouches filled of gold coins. " 

Well, what do you think should have happened. All of them except for one that Dusashan grabbed and a few that still served drinks, leapt on me like a hungry bands of lionesses. I tried to push them back but they didn't listened. But one among them caught my eye. The one that was serving, she was the prick in my eyes from the beginning. 
She had not met my gaze from the moment she came in. 

The other girls kept calling her Padmavati but I knew her with a different name,....

"Vrushali......!?"   

"so it is her you fancy, my, my I've got to say, you got taste." Shakuni said. 

" l'll take her,..... only her" the rest stopped in their tracks. Vrushali saw me with a raised confused eyebrow, as if she was nit expecting it. But fir me she was the only safe bet. 

Duryodhan laughed at the downed faces of the rest of daasis. I sympathize with them, but Dusashan's eyes sparkled. 

"I believe she is one of the new ones." 

I can't believe they don't know her, none of them realized that they have already met her. 

"what's your name?"
"padma...." her voice was shrivelled up. Her muscles tense and her hands shaking. She coughed, probably due to a little tension. 

"padma, take him to the guest room with the biggest bed, and do not disappoint. 

And also he may be brave enough to defeat Jarasandh but when comes to this kind of matter he is still a newbie. Treat him gently." 

"yes, your highness." she said, Now a little more confident than before. 

.......................... 

"what are you doing here?" locking the gate I asked her. "and why only this" 

"what's the problem?" she slid her finger on my arm. 

The room was filled with her flowery scent. The sound of her payal, mixed with the humming of night composed a rhythmic beat. 

"Vrushali, take me seriously. Why are you here? Does your family, your father know ?" 

She was silent a moment "Let's not talk about that" the cool breeze felt on my skin with every touch of her. Then I saw that the breeze was coming from the extended balcony. 

"Vrushaliii!....." she read my face and stopped. Her hands held both of her arms. The open revealing clothes left only a little to imagination. 

Therefore as the spiky cool winds struck her fair smooth skin she started shivering. Her coal black hair flowed with the wind. She was rubbing her side arms to keep warm. 
"thanks" she said covering herself with the warm blanket I put on her from the bed. 

"Now sit and talk......" 

She sat there for a bit, as if figuring out where to start. 
"well this explains why both me and Shon were not able to meet you, in so many times we came here. 

You were purposely avoiding us." 

I folded my hands under my chin as we both sat down.
"the question is why?" 

She finally spoke "its been more than a year since we last spoke. Tears started forming up."
And then she cried
"he is sick Karna, father is ill. We are barely getting by. I had to make a little more money. For him, for us." 

"What are you saying, Satyase----" but as I spoke his name a realization dawned on me. 
It was duryodhan driving his chariot when we came back. 

"yes, him. I am ashamed to even call him my brother. It was long after I came from Anga. At first he and his wife were quite welcoming. I even played with their children. Father also seemed happy. 

" oh god what have I done? " i whispered. 

" Father was sick, so the harvest wasn't good this year. In fact almost none. The whole family was struggling to keep afloat with only Satyasen earning for us all. But it didn't lasted much long, he threw us out a few months ago and sold the farming land. 

Ever since then I have been going here and there, seeking shelter, doing all sorts of work, finally settling on this. "

" if not for me father would've been dead. I am scared for him Karna. I am scared for us. "

" you should have come to me, you should have come to Shon. " I said

" To do what.... Beg. " there was a moment of pause, the whispers of air could be heard." Karna, it was clear where we left ourselves. I just couldn't face you after that. That's why I avoided you. "

I grabbed her soft cold palms and placed the small pouch I had on me in them. Also all the rings and the only bracelet. 
"Sorry, this is what I only have on me right now. If we were at Anga I would have given more." 

She chuckles "you were never one to wear much jewelleries, after all. Still....." she placed it back. "I can't take this." 

"Why?" 

"You already know why?" 

 A guilt was trippin me from inside. "Vrushali I am not doing this for you. I am doing this for your father. And also......" I stopped. 

"please just take it. I promise I will not pursue and if you want, I will not show my face to you ever again. But please don't let Uncle suffer for this. Because if anything happens to him, you will never be able to forgive yourself. " 

She slowly extended her hands and silently grabbed all the things back."  I would like to see you again. " she said in a low soft voice. 

" I would like that too. So shall I make you permanent. Exclusive only to me. "

Both of us chuckled. Except my laugh was a little fake. 

.................... 
"so how was it" Duryodhan's room was dimly lit, thus time od the day. The lamps and torches had been on the verge of dying. It was the constant breeze that was beating them to submission. 
"it was  different........" 
"Good different" he asked. 
"yeah..... Good. Duryodhan if its not so much of a trouble, I would like to make her exclusive. Only to me. 

Pay her what you do right now. But treat her like any normal servant.... 

But her other nightly services will be exclusive to me." 

"A weird request" he puts his hand on his chin. His eyebrows are raised. 


"why don't you just take her with you" 
He caught me a little of guard. "ah... She.. She has her family here. She doesn't want to leave them." 

"One could say you are infatuated with her" 
"something like that" i said. 

He laughs. "Fine I'll do it. Anything for Angraj. No one except you will lay a hand on her." 

"thanks" I had to make a little lie to him  to protect her. I had already seen the lust dripping from Dusashan's eyes when he saw vrushali in those clothes. He will not leave until he eats every portion of her skin. 

At least this way even if he tries, she can try to escape or scream and duryodhan will handle the rest. 

Still even after all that, the feeling of guilt didn't leave. I had hid the fact about leaving Satyasen behind from Vrushali. I don't know why I lost the courage to speak, but I just simply didn't. 

What was happening with him in the kingdom of Kalinga. One part of me said that he deserved it for throwing Uncle and Vrushali out, but the other part knew that she will not see it that way. He is still her brother, a brother who she loved no matter what she said. 

I just wished that he was on his way home, or the future is going to be grimm for his wife and children. 













